Garmin's Ted Gartner is an avid
outdoorsman and sharing his love of
outdoors with his son Jack is something
he really enjoys I'm fortunate to have a
kid that really loves the outdoors and
we spend a lot of time outdoors but
coming down here to Southwest Texas and
really getting away from it all and
spending two or three days down here
within this is an awesome experience oh
I just love nature and just seeing it
whatever it is now like spending time
with my dad it's just a fun deal last
year Jack harvested his very first
whitetail on a trip to Wade's annual
youth deer camp and this year he's back
and hoping to go after a buck
after a nerve-racking morning in the
blind Ted and Jack are back out for the
evening and several mature bucks have
entered the field I can't see his rack
his big body care though this the second
night was was completely out of the
ordinary at least in my experience you
know we had a buck kind of move in and
kind of check things out and another one
kind of leaked in and they were kind of
working on the fringes and and you know
after all said and done in about 30
minutes we had six bucks in there and at
least three of them were nice mature
bucks and and there was one that we saw
in the fringes that the jack really had
his eye on well he was big for one and I
really like a big deer and second of all
he was just really good-looking and you
could definitely tell he was fighting
cuz some of the tines had broken off and
you could tell he was definitely quite a
deer he was one of the last ones to come
out and get in the open where we had a
decent shot but it was a tense situation
the entire time here's its closed areas
just coming in see him coming in that's
a nice dear janet
which way is he facing left now is
facing towards us yeah that's your dear
man please dear God you know Jackie is a
good shot at this deer you know make
that deer turn get that deer broadside
and unfortunately we were able to have
that chance was it a tough shot i know
i'm i'm sure i'm sure she hit him took a
while didn't yeah yeah that's an intense
that was as intensive it gets I'm glad I
look positive but inside I was just
really nervous Jack made the shot and
you know we got over to you know to
where he shot this deer we found a
little bit of blood a tiny a little bit
of blood and bone we were fighting fight
against time it was getting dark and it
was getting dark quick you know luckily
we did have a garmin with us and we were
able to mark that way point of that last
blood trail that we that we were able to
find life with the fading light weighed
in the deer gear crew called in Jim
titchen l and it's tracking dog Bell in
hopes that with the help of the garmin
astro dog tracking technology Bell will
be able to find Jack's buck that's got a
deer down and need to find it basically
what you're gonna do is you're going to
run behind my my dog male she'll find
anything she's got over about eight
hundred and twenty 830 recoveries with
your Astro system will pair up this
Astro with your dog and you tell us
where that deer is we'll shake hands
over let's take a closer look at the
garmin astro technology well this is
garmin's asked to a gps dog tracking
system and it's it's two parts you've
got your handheld receiver astro 320 and
you've got your dc40 dog collar and
basically these are both gps-enabled you
put this around your dog's neck it knows
where this is you turn this on it knows
where you are and it sends wirelessly
between the collar and your handheld and
then it's just a matter of looking on
the map and seeing exactly where your
dog is not only where he is in relation
to you but what he's doing whether he's
treeing whether he's pointing that sort
of thing how far he's moving which
direction he's moving how fast he's
moving it's all on another great thing
about the Astro is is it has the option
to load highly detailed topo maps on
this is great for a hunter so you can
see not only where you are and where
your dog is but what's going on around
you and your dog a lot of times you can
see where a creek is where Ridge is say
maybe your dog's getting close to a road
you know that because of the garmin
astro it's a wonderful wonderful safety
device for you and your dog and it's
also just enjoyable instead of worrying
about where your dog is you know where
he is what he's up to waterproof with a
tough rugged exterior the garmin astro
is built for the rigors of the outdoors
for more on this or any other garmin
products visit garmin com I was
fortunate enough to be on me asked you a
development team and I kind of made that
unit selfishly for me and my dogs and it
benefits so many people so many people
and any benefits your son I mean this
this this product you know help find my
my boys first deer and it was it was
really cool and to see that is a really
gratifying experience I feel terrific
it's just the best feeling in the world
to get your first buck and to be a good
buck like that it's awesome awesome me
so buddy you got him to see that that
deer right there it went from tired worn
out to about the most excited I've ever
been and one of the moments that I will
never forget with my son when I see that
deer on the ground and I'm a proud dad
no my dad and I had a lot of fun
together just in the blind together
talking and we were both really excited
i got my first buck and he's a lot of
fun to spend time with and I I'm really
glad i got to shoot my first buck next
Joe Buck has a lot of character and when
he's your first buck but he's a cool
buddy yeah just be proud man I'm proud
as I can get haha me too
for more information go to garmin com